- Trainer class is very difficult to implement.
- But it is done, only need to test it.
- Now we have VehicleState and VehicleAction classes, these classes are very helpful.


- Multiprocessing Design
  - Subprocess (Environment process): Mainly responsible for running the carla environment, 
    it keeps running VehicleEnv.step() and put the returned data into a cache queue shared by 
    multiple processes. It also listens to the latest training parameters passed by the training 
    process, and keeps the parameters that decide the vehicle behavior in the environment from 
    falling too far behind the training process. It also keeps track of the average reward of the 
    last N decisions.
- Main process: It is also the training process. It keeps moving records in the cache queue 
  to a memory list, and then extracts batch data from this memory list for training. 
  It also periodically passes the trained parameters to the environment process. It also keeps 
  track of the loss value, gets the average reward from the environment process, and passes 
  this information to tensorboard, and saves the model.

- Interprocess communication 1 (model copy): The model copy needs to go through the following steps
  1. The training process makes the model cpu, copies it to a thread-shared container, and then 
     converts the model back to gpu
  2. The training process sets the flag to 1, and notifies the environment process that the model 
     can be copied
  3. The environment process keeps checking the flag. If it is 1, it converts the environment model 
     to cpu, copies the model in the shared container to the environment model, and then converts 
     the environment model back to gpu
  4. Set the flag to 0

- Interprocess communication 2 (training data): The transmission of training data needs to go 
  through the following steps
  1. The environment process continuously puts the training data into a thread-shared container
  2. The training process keeps checking the shared container. If there is data, it copies all 
     the data to a dedicated memory list. The copying speed is much faster than the speed of 
     putting data into the environment process, so the shared container is basically emptied 
     every time
  3. The training process extracts batch data from the memory list for training

- Interprocess communication 3 (reward): The transmission of reward needs to go through the 
  following steps
  1. The environment process continuously tracks the average reward in this process, and puts it 
     into a thread-shared float variable
  2. The training process periodically gets this shared variable, and then puts it into tensorboard